Docs resource clusters (#7727)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/apis/v3.mdx

**Note**: V3 is currently in [Preview](/support/software-release-cycles-support#preview) and not yet generally available (breaking changes possible). Check individual services for availability.

> - Resources:
>     - Instances (including domains)
>     - Organizations (including domains)
>     - LoginPolicy [^1] (including token lifetimes, lockout, password complexity etc.)
>     - NotificationPolicy [^1]
>     - MessageTexts [^1]
>     - Metadata [^1] (including API foreign keys like privacy policy, login texts, external IDP allowed etc.)
>     - Restrictions [^1]
>     - Features [^1]
>     - Actions [^2]
>     - User Schemas [^2]
>     - Authenticators [^2]
>     - IDPs [^2]
>     - Grants [^2] (added target types project and user)
>     - Memberships [^2]
>     - Apps [^2]
>     - SMTP Providers [^2] (only target types system and instance)
>     - SMS Providers [^2]
>     - Limits
>     - Projects
>     - Sessions
>     - Users
> 
> [^1]: Hierarchical Resource
>     - Instance level resource if no context is given
>     - System level resource if system context is given
>     - Org level resource if org context is given
>     - Effective resource returned on GET requests with all resolved values from the hierarchy (defaults) for the given context
> 
> [^2]: Linked Resources
>     - Resources that are linked to other resources (e.g. user schema linked to an organization)
>     - Linked resources have a context level as target type (e.g. org, instance, system)
>     - Linked resources can be self-disabled and enabled in sub-contexts by patching the enabled property
>     - GET requests on a linked resource return the enabled / disabled status of the resource in the given context

Author: ```suggestion
- Standalone Resources [^1]
  - Instances (including domains)
  - Organizations (including domains)
  - Projects
    - Projects
    - Grants
    - Apps
  - Sessions
  - Users
    - Users
    - Grants
- Multitenancy Enabled Resources [^2]
  - Actions
    - Executions
    - Targets
    - Actions
  - Authenticators
  - IDPs
  - Memberships
  - SMTP Providers (only target types system and instance)
  - SMS Providers
  - Schemas
- Multitenancy Enabled Settings [^3]
  - Login (including token lifetimes, lockout, password complexity etc.)
  - Notifications
  - Restrictions
  - Limits (only system level)
  - MessageTexts
  - Metadata (including API irrelevant keys like privacy policy links, login texts, wether external IDP are allowed etc.)
  - Features

[^1] : Standalone Resources
    - Resources are specific to a context level (system, instance, org, ...).

[^2]: Multitenancy Enabled Resources
    - Resources can be assigned to different context levels (system, instance, org, ...)
    - Lower-level contexts can reuse the resources from higher-level contexts but not modify them.
    - Lower-level contexts can self-disable and enable resources from higher-level contexts. This affects their context and their sub-level contexts. For example, if a system level context is disabled on the instance level, it is also disabled on the org level.
    - Disabled resources are only returned for queries within the context-level where they have been disabled or higher-level contexts but not for lower-level contexts.

[^3]: Multitenancy Enabled Settings
    - Instance level settings if no context is given
    - System level settings if system context is given
    - Org level settings if orgid context is give
    - All settings properties can be partially updated
    - All settings properties can be partially reset, so their value defaults to the higher-level contexts property value. For a boolean value, the property must support *true*, *false*, *inherit* and *undefined (no change)* in proto that would be an optional oneof *true*, *false*, *inherit*
    - All settings properties returned by queries contain the value as well as the context where the value is inherited from.
```

Thanks for the discussion @livio-a
